[Docs] Clarified User docs & Changelog process. Also widget vs app changes (#3177)
dimagi/open-chat-studio: docs/developer_guides/api_documentation.md

# API Documentation

The OCS REST API is primarily documented via its OpenAPI schema. The schema is created using [drf-spectacular](https://drf-spectacular.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

> The current production schema is available at https://chatbots.dimagi.com/api/schema/. It is also kept in the code repository in the `api-schema.yml` file. This file serves two purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current production schema is available at https://www.openchatstudio.com/api/schema/. It is also kept in the code repository in the `api-schema.yml` file. This file serves two purposes:
```
